Expertise, Memory, & EIA with other misc tweaks and timing (#59)
data-lessons/instructor-training: _episodes/05-memory.md

practice opportunities. This is yet another reason why going slowly and using
frequent formative assessment is important.

> ## Test Your Working Memory
>
> [This website][memory-test] implements a short test of working memory.  
>

> > What was your score? Write your answer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> What was your score? If you are comfortable, share your answer
```

>
> Without looking at the list again, write down as many words from the list as
> you can. How many did you remember? Write your answer in the Etherpad.
> 
> ## Accessibility Adaptation
> The list above may also be read aloud, slowly and clearly, by the Trainer hosting the session. 
> On your mark, ask learners to write down their answers where others cannot see them, then read the list 
> again so they can check their work.
{: .challenge}

> Most people will have found they only remember 5-7 words. Others may remember more! Those who do 

Reviewer: Can we say something here so people that got less than 5 don't feel bad?

Author: ```suggestion
Most people will have found they only remember 5-7 words. Those who 
remember less may be experiencing distraction, fatigue, or (as we will learn shortly) "cognitive overload."  
Those who remember more 
```
